the joseph is out of the canopy são paulo of junior soccer the team was
thrashed now afternoon by the cruise in the stadium martis terena
let's go to where this reporter bruno pelegrini I give at night
good night the band different from the previous matches today the are joseph did not
a good presentation
the team got very nervous on the pitch and in the first half could not
find in the game who took very good advantage says was the team of the cruise
who knew how to exploit the counterattacks very well opened the board and finished
the first time winning by 4 to 0 in the second half the technician still marshal
the team that improved has sketched a reaction made two goals but the
cruise still exploring the counterattacks made a thrashing 6-2
despite the defeat the fans showed all his passion for the team
remaining to start
20 thousand people crowded the bleachers cabins chairs to push the
but the cruise did not give chances for the home team guilherme opened the
score with the second goal of the Minas Gerais team was scored by wellington
guilherme again extended the score that is capable even after 25 minutes and 3
at 0 for the cruise many fans of são josé were still outside
the stadium to ensure security, the military police decided to close the
gates another mess
according to the command of pm at least two thousand people were left outside them
came to invade are another entrance and some risked jumping the
wired to pm had to act again and put the fans out in the field
the cruise continued dominating the field still in the first half Carlos Alberto
scored another 4 to 0 with messi chávez place agassi
the lawyer whose time arrived in the second time is Joseph and decreased with milestones
samahá
but the Cruzeiro wanted more and in a quick counterattack made the head
guilherme made another one for the Minasiro team
and at the very end, Egypt made the second of St. Joseph's final cruise 6 are Joseph
salons
just access the championship with your head held high
was the best campaign of all time in the Copa São Paulo Junior Football and
returned the fans the pride of seeing the stadium twist to the joseph
and there is more football in the area the morning for the p2 of the São Paulo championship the
José receives the taquaritinga
right here in the pear tree 'from four in the afternoon at the same time
taubaté bandeirantes face in the match with the are for the first division
and at five in the afternoon the bragantino faces the youth in the stadium marcelo stéfani
in guaratinguetá in the municipal stadium dario rodrigues milk
take the marilia